so hello friends of my building that was
a sailing ship which actually
It was pretty hard to build with ships
First, because of the
hull because the occurs quite the
hoped shape and because of the sail the
are quite time consuming and
also have a special shape
and if you liked it all
You may like to thumb up
give and if you do not like it
then there is a thumb down and am
best you send the whole ship
Just look it yourself and look below
in the description after the download
left and still and in the description
is a link to a twitter page there
you are welcome to go upstairs and also
if you follow a twitter
account and then you can just mine
Read all the latest tweets and
I'm watching bauer and stuff
and that was it
already then i see each other
next week so again until the
next